{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red31\green31\blue31;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c16471\c16471\c16471;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa300\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Manning on Monday made official his return to the only NFL franchise he ever played for, accepting a role with the team in business development, marketing and community and corporate relations \'97 a non-football role, if you will. Manning will also collaborate with the Giants on original content development and fan engagement activities, including a lifestyle series to premiere this fall.\
\'93After not being able to come back in the facility for a full year, to finally see my former teammates and the individuals I\'92ve spent the past 16 years with \'97 like the trainers and equipment guys, video, scouting, management, owners \'97 it\'92s incredibly exciting to be back,\'94 Manning said. \'93Staying involved with this organization is very important to me. I love the organization, love the Giants and the fans, and so I want to do anything possible to help them out and be a part of it.\'94\
After 16 years and two Super Bowl victories on his watch as the starting quarterback, it was readily apparent no one was ever again to don the No. 10 jersey he wore for his entire career. That number will officially be retired Sept. 26 during a halftime ceremony of the game against the Falcons at MetLife Stadium. Manning that day will also become the 43rd member of the Giants\'92 Ring of Honor.\
}